[Music]
all right clean your eyeglasses and fire
up your brain here are 12 riddles to
check your observation skills if you're
ready to check your eye for detail and
lateral thinking skills then these
riddles are just what you need
after each puzzle you'll have 10 seconds
to figure out the correct answer if at
any point you need more time well feel
free to pause the video it won't count
as cheating I promise and be sure to hit
that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
right side okay here we go number one
find the words at first glance this is
an ordinary scene you can observe at any
public swimming pool but there's a lot
more to it than you think in this
picture there are four hidden words are
you fast and attentive enough to find
all these words in 10 seconds hopefully
you've had enough time to spot the
hidden words happy pool summer and water
which ones did you find let us know in
the comments number 2 mental math let's
check how well you can crunch numbers in
your head you're ready add 1 thousand to
40 then add one thousand again and add
30 add one thousand more then add 20 and
finally add another thousand and then
add 10
[Music]
if the first answer that came to your
mind was 5,000 that's wrong in fact the
correct answer is 4,100 the numbers
might seem easy enough but this riddle
tests your attention to detail check it
out we have one thousand four times so
that's four thousand and four thousand
plus 40 plus 30 plus 20 plus ten equals
four thousand one hundred number three
fish escape mark is a big fan of
aquarium fish when he left for work in
the morning there were ten fish in his
tank however when he came back home in
the evening he found that three of his
fish had swum away four had died and one
had drowned bad day in the tank huh so
how many fish are still in the aquarium
hopefully 10 seconds will be enough for
you to do the calculations
[Music]
guess what all 10 fish are still in the
ball since they can't get out of an
enclosed tank gotcha
number four bird's-eye view look
carefully at this colorful pyramid
pretty isn't it and now look at it from
above you need to act fast and use your
10 seconds to understand which of these
top views a B C or D corresponds with
the original pyramid the correct answer
is C this is the only view from the top
where the colors match those of the
pyramid whoo that was confusing number 5
what's wrong can you figure out what's
wrong in this picture once again pay
attention to the tiniest details
tick-tock
your time has started the odd one out in
this image is the parrot how did it get
there these tropical birds aren't
particularly known for their love of
winter number six stolen cookies one day
John a father of four went for a walk in
the evening but he wasn't out to get
some fresh air he was planning to snack
on some peanut butter cookies he
couldn't do it at home since his wife
has a really bad peanut allergy and his
kids were grounded and not supposed to
eat sweets for a wig however when John
opened the bag it was empty
the cookies were gone when John got home
he invited all the kids to the living
room and asked who two eaten the cookies
Christopher the youngest said that he
had been playing with his toy train
Robert answered that he had been helping
his mom bake a pie in the kitchen Lisa
mentioned that
been in the kitchen as well she was
helping mom make peanut butter fudge the
oldest child David said that he had been
upstairs doing his homework good old dad
knew instantly who the cookie thief was
can you figure it out in only 10 seconds
[Music]
Lisa
ate the cookies since John's wife is
extremely allergic to peanuts it's
highly unlikely that she'd be making
peanut butter fudge with their daughter
number 7 a lost emoji now look at this
image carefully whoa there's a lot going
on here but can you spot one tiny emoji
in this picture remember you can always
hit that pause button if you need more
time ah there it is
I thought I'd never find it number 8
tragedy at a restaurant successful
businessman William was killed at the
restaurant where he was having lunch the
criminal could only be another patron of
the place when the police arrived they
took all the other guests in for
questioning Karen told the detectives
she'd been writing a new chapter in her
book Paul said that he'd been waiting in
line to go to the bathroom Donna had
been putting on her coat after she paid
for her meal Robert had been chatting on
the phone with his girlfriend it didn't
take the detectives long to figure out
who the murderer was can you do the same
in 10 seconds
[Music]
the culprit is Paul besides Paul and the
victim there were only three other
people in the restaurant and they were
all busy
therefore there couldn't have been any
line to the bathroom number nine murder
at midnight Susan had been renting an
apartment with her friend Linda for more
than three years one day she came home
from work late she didn't see anybody in
the apartment she was so exhausted that
she made herself dinner and went to a
room to watch TV
however at about 12:00 a.m. Susan was
killed when the police arrived they had
three suspects to question Susan's
roommate Linda her friend Kyra and her
boyfriend Matthew Linda told the officer
she'd taken some sleeping pills and was
sleeping all day long
Kyra explained that she dropped in to
visit Susan shortly before 12:00 a.m.
and a friend was fine just a bit tired
and Matthew said that he was the one who
found Susan when he came to see her at
2:00 a.m. after he'd finished his shift
at work can you figure out who the
criminal is in ten seconds
[Music]
the murderer is Linda she mentioned that
after taking her sleeping pills she
slept the whole day but by midnight she
would have already woken up number 10
whose pup can you figure out who this
dog belongs to just by looking at this
picture a little hint pay attention to
all the details you never know what can
help you have you come to the conclusion
that the dog's owner is the boy in the
middle if so then you got it he's the
only one who's not trying to pet the dog
out of curiosity number 11 find the
murderer a young man was stabbed in the
bathroom of a famous restaurant boy was
this the same restaurant where the other
dude was killed I think I'd rather order
takeout well it's obvious that the
murderer is someone who is also dining
at the restaurant concentrate on the
picture and find the offender be quick
remember that you're pressed for time
[Music]
the murderer is the man at table number
four his shirt looks ripped as if there
were a struggle but most importantly
he's trying to eat a steak without a
knife because it's missing he must have
used it to stab the victim and number 12
a creepy well Richard was returning home
after a long day at work
he was walking through the park when
somebody hit him on the head from behind
he woke up in a well luckily there
wasn't too much water in it but as soon
as Richard tried to climb out of the
well he realized that the walls were too
slippery he then noticed a rope with a
bucket tied to it the bucket was hanging
pretty low but try as he might poor
Richard couldn't reach it
however after giving this problem some
thought he found the solution just 15
minutes later he was out and running to
safety can you deduce how Richard
escaped
[Music]
he took off his shoes and one-by-one
threw them into the bucket the added
weight brought the bucket down and
Richard managed to escape and of course
was able to add one more thing to his
bucket list find out who the jerk was
that pushed him down the well so bright
Siders
how many riddles did you crack let us
know down in the comments remember to
give this fun video a like challenge
your friends and send it to them and hit
that subscribe button to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]